OBSDOCS-1165-Logging 5.6.21 Release Notes (#78821)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/logging-release-notes-5-6-21.adoc

// module included in /logging/logging-5-6-release-notes
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="logging-release-notes-5-6-21_{context}"]
= Logging 5.6.21
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:4336[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix 5.6.21]

[id="logging-release-notes-5-6-21-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, LokiStack was missing a route for the Volume API causing the following error: `404 not found`. With this update, LokiStack exposes the Volume API, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5751[LOG-5751])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, LokiStack was missing a route for the Volume API, which caused the following error: `404 not found`. With this update, LokiStack exposes the Volume API, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5751[LOG-5751])
```
